Learning Python: To-Do list:

-Hello World (HelloWorld.py)

-Fibbonachi Sequence (fibb.py)

interactive list. (-Use arrays, -display things to screen, -use slice function, simple UI) (listomatic.py)

Upgrade list thing so it outputs to file (listomatic.py)

Upgrade list thing so it reads from file (listomatic.py)

Simple UI Calculator (easycalc.py)

Do something that requires string sanitization and playing with data types (listomatic.py)

Figure out how -break and pass works. read up on exceptions too (listomatic.py, loopy.py, fibb.py)

Make a text comparison application (txtcomp.py)

Make a calendar/clock (goodtimes.py)

if you havent alread: functions, classes, etc. get on it!! (thegame.py)

Should have already been dabbling with tkinter. mess with it some more (thegame.py, txtcomp.py, goodtimes.py)

By now you should be ready for OOP. (thegame.py)

Figure out how multithreading works. maybe it will speed up your game. (thegame.py)

At this point youve done all the offline stuff and maybe some online stuff (derp.py)

Socket programming is now your friend. Remember that spider you made? (missulena.py)

Make the spider and make it better. (missulena.py)

Ok now update the spider so you can customize searches on the fly. (missulena.py)

Now add a set of preset searches that requires minimum input to begin. (missulena.py)

Do the server and client programs for something. maybe a multiplayer dungeon
or a chat program. something, anything really. just flex your brain. (derp.py)

CGI stuff should be played with now. (cherrymag.py)
(python, pearl, maybe pascal)

If you skipped xml or C program extentions then you should be polishing that up now. 
(python, perl, maybe pascal)


Ok you did everything. It better be on github....the cool stuff anyway
the game and spider for sure.
(thegame.py, derp.py, missulena.py, easycalc.py, fibb.py, listomatic.py, txtcomp.py)


At this point if you aren't grinding another language you should at least
be porting the doomRL engine and the ROT engine to python. That should get kudos.